README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋 I'm Alex  

- 🎓 French student at **Epitech**
- 🤖 Passionate about **AI**, **Deep Learning** and **Algorithms**
- 🚀 Always building **cool projects**

## ⚡ Tech Stack  

- 🐍 Python  
- 💻 C++ | C | C#
- 🔢 Haskell
- 🌐 JavaScript | TypeScript | React
- 🗄️ SQL
- 🎮 Unity

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=AlexyanComino&theme=dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&layout=compact)  
![AlexyanComino's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=AlexyanComino&theme=dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true)
![AlexyanComino's Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=AlexyanComino&theme=dark&hide_border=true)


## 🚀 Featured Projects

### [Robocar 🏎️](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/robocar) << Currently Private (Ongoing competition)
Autonomous RC car powered by AI.  
➡️ Jetson Nano + U-Net for lane detection + decision AI  

### [MyRPG.cpp 🎮](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/MyRPG.cpp)
Currently remaking a 2D RPG game in C++ 🚀

### [NanoTekSpice 🔌](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/NanoTekSpice)
An electronic circuit simulator that allows you to simulate logic circuits 💻

<!---
### [Another ❓](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/MyRPG.cpp)
WIP 🚀
-->

## 🌐 Find me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/alexyancomino)
<!--- [![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23FF5733?style=for-the-badge&logo=about.me&logoColor=white&color=green)](https://alexyancomino.com) -->
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-%23EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:alexyan.comino@epitech.eu )

Commit message:

Update README by removing stats and enhancing projects
Removed statistics images and updated project descriptions.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋 I'm Alex  

- 🎓 French student at **Epitech**
- 🤖 Passionate about **AI**, **Deep Learning** and **Algorithms**
- 🚀 Always building **cool projects**

## ⚡ Tech Stack  

- 🐍 Python  
- 💻 C++ | C | C#
- 🔢 Haskell
- 🌐 JavaScript | TypeScript | React
- 🗄️ SQL
- 🎮 Unity

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### [Robocar 🏎️](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/robocar) << Currently Private (Ongoing competition)
Autonomous RC car powered by AI.  
- Design and development of a ROS 2-based autonomous vehicle.
- Implementation of industrial software architecture (ROS 2 Humble, Nav2, SLAM).
- Sensor fusion and integration (LiDAR, GPS, IMU, Camera) using Extended Kalman Filter (EKF).
- Full autonomous navigation stack implementation: Mapping, global & local path planning, and control.
- Development of trajectory tracking algorithms and dynamic obstacle avoidance.
- Embedded systems deployment on NVIDIA Jetson Nano (Linux Ubuntu, Docker).
- Simulation and validation using NVIDIA Isaac Sim (Digital Twin, Sim-to-Real).
- 3D modeling and component placement optimization.

### [MyRPG.cpp 🎮](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/MyRPG.cpp)
Currently remaking a 2D RPG game in C++ 🚀

### [NanoTekSpice 🔌](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/NanoTekSpice)
An electronic circuit simulator that allows you to simulate logic circuits 💻

<!---
### [Another ❓](https://github.com/AlexyanComino/MyRPG.cpp)
WIP 🚀
-->

## 🌐 Find me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/alexyancomino)
<!--- [![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23FF5733?style=for-the-badge&logo=about.me&logoColor=white&color=green)](https://alexyancomino.com) -->
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-%23EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:alexyan.comino@epitech.eu )
